Info page with useful info, known issues etc for palworld (#306)
Bloom-host/BloomDocs: docs/games/palworld/info.md

> **Palworld Useful Info**
> 
> ## Known Issues / FAQ
> 
> 1. The server won't show up in the Community-Server tab.
>    -> This is a known problem and the devs will hopefully fix that asap. Best choice is to connect by IP and Password.
> 2. The server has a memory leak.
>    -> This is also an issue that they are aware of.
>    -> The `bEnableInvaderEnemy` option seems to have a huge impact on the current RAM usage. Disabling it might be choice.
>    -> Tip: Schedule a server restart every 6h. You might adjust the value according to your system!
> 3. The server does not show up in the steam server list.
>    -> This is currently and might never be supported.
> 4. The config file gets deleted / reset on server restart.
>    -> Before editing the config file always make sure to fully stop the server first. Otherwise all changes wont be saved.
> 
> ## Recommended server settings
> 
> ### RAM
> 
> Due to at least one memory leak the server requires about 16-32GB RAM.
> Referring to the [official documentation](https://tech.palworldgame.com/dedicated-server-guide) you can start the server with 8GB but you will run out of memory very quickly.
> The minimum should be 16GB but 32GB are fairly recommended for now.
> 
> ### CPU
> 
> Intel / AMD processor with at least 4 cores.
> 
> ### Storage
> 
> As of January 19th 2024 the server requires about 5GB of storage capacity. This might extend with further content/updates.
> 
> 
> 
> **[Credit to original post](https://github.com/parkervcp/eggs/tree/master/game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/palworld)**
> 

Reviewer: Added the header bits and slightly reformatted it. I don't know about the 'Recommended Server Settings' part though. Maybe we could rename it to recommended plan and link one of the Perf/Perf Plus ones?

```suggestion
---
id: info
title: Frequent Issues & FAQ
slug: info
hide_table_of_contents: true
description: Find useful information, such as known issues, frequently asked questions, and more, for Palworld
---

## Known Issues / FAQ

1. **The server won't show up in the Community-Server tab**:
   - This is a known problem and the devs will hopefully fix that asap. Best choice is to connect by IP and Password.
2. **The server has a memory leak**:
   - This is also an issue that they are aware of.
   - The `bEnableInvaderEnemy` option seems to have a huge impact on the current RAM usage. Disabling it might be choice.
   - Tip: Schedule a server restart every 6h. You might adjust the value according to your system!
3. **The server does not show up in the steam server list**:
   - This is currently and might never be supported.
4. **The config file gets deleted / reset on server restart**:
   - Before editing the config file always make sure to fully stop the server first. Otherwise all changes wont be saved.

---

## Recommended Server Settings

### Memory

Due to at least one memory leak the server requires about 16-32GB RAM.
Referring to the [official documentation](https://tech.palworldgame.com/dedicated-server-guide) you can start the server with 8GB but you will run out of memory very quickly.
The minimum should be 16GB but 32GB are fairly recommended for now.

### CPU

Intel / AMD processor with at least 4 cores.

### Storage

As of January 19th 2024 the server requires about 5GB of storage capacity. This might extend with further content/updates.

---

## Credits
- [parkervcp's Pterodactyl Eggs Repository](https://github.com/parkervcp/eggs/tree/master/game_eggs/steamcmd_servers/palworld)
```

Author: I agree to the recommended server settings one yeah, I was also thinking of what to edit it too, but wasn't sure what to change it to
